#### a/an/the/this/these: 有一些肯定有害的，比如a->an, this->these，this->that，一些a/the/this替换其实对句子伤害不大
例子 a/an:

origin: **A** traffic accident occurred on Friday evening on the country road between Machtolsheim and Merklingen where a bike rider was only slightly injured thanks to his quick reaction.

sort: **An** traffic accident happened on Thursday evening in the country road between Machtolsheim and Merklingen where a bike rider was only slightly hurt thanks to his quick reactions.

---

origin: Around 21:30 **a** 44 year old female car driver, coming from Merklingen with her VW, wanted to turn left into the country road 1230 into the direction of Machtolsheim.

sort: About 20:15 **an** 45 year old woman car driver, coming from Merklingen in her VW, wanted to turn left into the country road 1230 into the direction of Machtolsheim.

---

例子 this/these:

origin: **This** is waiting on a decision from the EuGH.

sort: **These** is waiting on a decision by the EuGH.

---

例子 this/that:

origin: **This** resulted in the young man slipping over the edge of the platform and falling onto the track.

sort: **That** resulted in the young person slipping over the edges of the platform, falling onto the track.

#### 名词单复数变化：应该是对句子伤害不大的替换？较为常见

例子:

origin: Greens and SPD blamed the State government for shared **responsibility**.

sort: Greens and SPD blame the State government for shared **responsibilities**.

---

origin: Biker suffers leg **injuries**

sort: Biker suffers leg **injury**


#### 星期变化: 基本是比较常见的，如果句子里有星期x，这个词会在早期被替换，通常是其附近的一天

例子:

origin: A traffic accident occurred on **Friday** evening on the country road between Machtolsheim and Merklingen where a bike rider was only slightly injured thanks to his quick reaction.
 
sort: An traffic accident happened on **Thursday** evening in the country road between Machtolsheim and Merklingen where a bike rider was only slightly hurt thanks to his quick reactions.

---

origin: Altogether 174 harvesters were tested positive for the Corona virus Sars-CoV-2 at a mass screening as the district administration Dingolfing-Landau announced on **Saturday evening**. 
 
sort: Altogether 176 harvesters were tested positive of the Draco virus Sars-CoV-3 at a mass screening as the district administration Dingolfing-Landau announced on **Sunday afternoon**.

---

* **还有所有和时间相关的概念哦！** day和week，evening和afternoon之类的，如上例，再举个例子：

origin: According to a media report, Federal Minster of the Interior Horst Seehofer (CSU) is pushing for a longer data retention period: a half-year instead of the current **ten weeks**.

sort:  According to a media report, Federal Minster of the Interior Horst Seehofer (CSU) is calling on a longer data retention time: a half-year instead of the existing **twelve days**.

#### number变化：极其常见的同时不是太有趣，bert对数字不敏感，但单词的数字同样出现变化，比如上例，还是有点价值的，类似星期，可以两个合在一起写

例子:

origin: Before that already **seven** coworkers had been infected on this farm - this triggered the mass screening.

sort: During that already **eight** coworkers had been infected at this farm _ this triggered the mass screening.


#### 固定搭配中的介词错换: 比如固定搭配 steer into被改成onto，目前只看到这个...

origin: Alerted he steered his bike **into** the grass strip beside the road and taxied it to a standstill without losing control.

sort: Alerted he steered his bike **onto** the grass strip beside the roadway and taxied it into the standstill without losing control.


#### 普通介词、连接词错换，at this->for this， before->during，但感觉价值有限，感觉是造成分数少量下降的元凶。

origin: **At** this, she overlooked the 24 year old motorbike driver with right-of way who came from the direction of Nellingen.

sort: **For** this, he overlooked the 25 yearold motorbike operator with right-of way who came from the direction of Nellingen.

---

origin: **Before** that already seven coworkers had been infected on this farm - this triggered the mass screening.

sort: **During** that already eight coworkers had been infected at this farm _ this triggered the mass screening.

#### 代词替换：he/she/person/they/it等词替换，很常见。

例子:

origin: **He** reported to the 29th police station with his father.

sort: **It** reported to the 26th police station with his father.

---

origin: This resulted in the young **man** slipping over the edge of the platform and falling onto the track.

sort: That resulted in the young **person** slipping over the edges of the platform, falling onto the track.

---

* **有时会造成句子明显有问题**

origin: **He thinks** that it makes sense "to take up pressing, necessary alterations to the law now," the newspaper quoted from his release.

sort: **They believes** that it makes sense "to take up pressing, necessary alterations in the laws now", the newspaper quoted from his release.

#### 名字等词的随机替换，我已经限制bpe分词数>1的不参与替换了(也就是那种比较特殊的名字)，但常见名字很明显还是会参与替换

origin: Both opposition parties accused prime minister **Markus** S_der (CSU) and his cabinet to neglect monitoring the housing for seasonal workers.
 
sort: All opposition parties accuse prime minister **Hans** S_der (CSU) and his government to neglect monitoring the housing for seasonal employees.

---

* **另一个更有趣的例子，bert不知道Corona在这里的意思，怕是把它当做一个代号了，更有意思的是放到google翻译里，google也是错的**

origin: The SPD shares a similar view: "We have asked for a special control program also for farms with harvesters after the **Corona** outbreak in the Wiesenhof slaughterhouse mid May", said the environmental expert Florian von Brunn.

sort: His SPD shares a similar view: "We've requested for a special control program also for farms with harvesters following the **Riverside** outbreak in the Wiesenhof slaughterhouse mid August," says the environmental expert Florian von Brunn.

---

#### 删除的质量很高

origin: Through the collision with the car the biker suffered, however, an injury on his leg and had to be treated in **a** hospital.

sort: Before the collision with the car the biker sustained, however, an injury on his knee and needed to be treated in hospital.

---

origin: On the farm infected coworkers were separated from non-infected ones, the premises are now fenced **in with** a construction fence.

sort: At the farm infected coworkers were separated from non-infected ones, the premises are now fenced a construction fence.

#### 其余情况：一般都是同义替换，没啥意思